# Meeting notes for {6-24-19}
Discussion of plan for developing methodology over the next 6 weeks, focus on the next two weeks. Laurent stresses idea of developing an "ensemble" of tools to cover the wide variety of vulnerabilities. Laurent also suggests splitting the work between deliverables, with two focusing on the queries for injection attacks, and the other researching potential use of control flow analysis.

### New Deliverables

#### Development of Queries for Finding Injection Attacks
- Be able to describe how to find code vulnerable to this type of attack
- Have a description (English) by __this Wednesday__
- Have a regular expression example by __this Friday__
- Have an AST example by __next Monday__
- Eventually should be able to use these queries against the 50 packages from Comcast, and should start finding vulnerabilities

#### Development of Control Flow Analysis
- Work on developing a method using control flow analysis to find path to sites of interest

# Meeting notes for {6-26-19}
Met in the IPB to discuss the patterns of the injections in English. Technical difficulties prevented showing what was written. James had been working an Aretha. The importance of finding the right search tool was discussed. Meeting was made for next day to show the patterns and figure out a tool.

### New Deliverables
- All three patterns shown in English (Chris and Alex)
- A tool to search for these patterns (James)

# Meeting notes for {6-27-19}
Met in ITE to discuss the patterns again. The documents looked good, SQL needed to be more general. Documentation should also be added to show typical false positive cases. The GraspJS tool James was working on didn't allow AST traversal, so a new tool was found during the meeting and to be looked into. Meetings on Fridays are set for 11-12 in IPB.

### New Deliverables
- Add to SQL to be more general (Alex)
- Figure out new tool and be able to query an AST (James)
- Figure out how to find the attack surfaces or entry points (Chris)